Add Ironic introduction (#257)
metal3-io/metal3-docs: docs/user-guide/src/ironic/introduction.md

# Ironic

> [Ironic](https://ironicbaremetal.org/) is an opensource collection of services

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[Ironic](https://ironicbaremetal.org/) is an open source collection of services
```
